[DOCS] Name alignment pass for SceneScape and DL Streamer (#772)
open-edge-platform/scenescape: docs/user-guide/building-a-scene/how-to-create-new-scene.md

Add each camera by clicking on "+ New Camera" below the scene map, then filling in the camera details as required.

> > **Note**: The camera ID _must_ match the `cameraid` set in DL Streamer Pipeline config file for ex: dlstreamer-pipeline-server/config.json, or the scene controller will not be able to associate the camera with its instance in Intel® SceneScape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The camera ID _must_ match the `cameraid` set in the config file for DL Streamer Pipeline Server (e.g: dlstreamer-pipeline-server/config.json), or the scene controller will not be able to associate the camera with its instance in Intel® SceneScape.
```
